# Final-project
My final program is called the Journey to the West. It is a role play game based on an ancient Chinese novel. The game will be in the form of 2D scroll. And I will use pygame to implement it."\n"
The story is about a group of characters going to the west to obtain some valuable sacred books. The characters are a master called Monk Tang, three helpers of the master, Monkey King (Sun Wukong), Pigsy(Zhu Bajie) and Sand(Sha Wuneng). There are many people and monsters that try to hurt them on the journey to west, so the player has to fight with those people and monsters and keep the master and his helpers safe."\n"
In the game, the player can choose to be one of characters in the group. There are NPCs( non-player characters) must fight with. 
The first interface will have a start icon and setting icon. If the player clicks setting, she/he can choose the adjust the volume of the background music or turn off the music completely. If the player clicks on the start icon, she/he can choose to start a new game or continue existing game."\n"
As the player clicks on the new game icon, she/he gets to choose between two characters (Monk Tang, or Monkey King). Then the player will be transported to the starting point of the game and enter main window of the game. There is a map on the bottom left, the player can be transported to any active scene on the map (the scenes that the player has already passed would be considered active) by clicking on the corresponding point on the map. There would be skills that the role the player is playing on the bottom of the screen. Clicking the corresponding key on the keyboard could release the skill. There would be three bars on the top left of the screen, which represents the amount of blood, the amount of energy to release skills, and the amount of experience point. If the amount of blood is zero, the player would die in the scene. If the amount of energy to release is less than the required energy to release certain skills, the role would not be able to release certain skills. If the amount of experience point reach certain level, the role would be upgraded. After upgrading, the amount of blood and energy would be increased. There would also be an equipment button on the left side of the screen. Carrying different equipment could let the character gain different special attribute. For example, if the character is equipped with some weapons, the harm that it will cause would increase."\n"
The player can control the character by pressing keys on keyboard. For example, if pressing “J”, the character will jump; pressing “D”, the character will go right; “A” the character will go left."\n"
Each scene will consist of two parts: the scrip part and the fight part. The scrip part is basically clicking on different NPCs and having conversation with them according to the scrip. This part is to walk the player through the story line of the game. The fight part is fight monsters in the scene. There will be different monsters in different scene. At the end of the fight scene, after clearing all the minor monsters, there will be a boss, from whom the character can get different equipment."\n"
There would be more ways than simply killing the monsters and boss to pass the scene. But if the player wants to get equipment from the boss, the boss has to be killed."\n"
